now i am going to show you actually oil
and water cannot be mixed but now we are
going to mix the oil and water that form
is mixing in our body 48 hours but are
you going to see now here in 42nd annual
phoenix come on sugar soy como ella y
hidden or watching a club and now
another if you remove old room and mix
okay sir laser goes through from
everything you can see and Russia
otherwise our poll laser you can see
they sir I'm over the latter but rather
the don t be intense particular you give
a number
but always we just you put again the
water for an order of a power of course
cannot mix not so go make flour come
over and over and now the aura nut oil
type a colon formula
you will see that formula this form
became non toxic compounds that protein
fish food our planet working for this
form only 15 million years for a
fraternity de granada to make this part
after this from that would be by a bit
easier than that means this bio
nutrients will provide a reference for
us again which is that what we need
actual friends